The Joe Rogan experience. What are you telling me about acid?
Talk to me right into that, because it was very.
And I stopped you because it was too good. It was like, it was very interesting.
When you were saying that you did it once and you,
you were in a bathtub and it was interesting, but then you did it.
Where were you the second time he did it.
Well, the first time I did it, I was with, uh, three other people and we like,
you know,
it was celebrating someone's birthday and all my friends are like pretty
spiritual in that way, like meditative and you know, no, it's good stuff.
I love it. I'm kidding.
Can be annoying. I agree that can be really people.
100% When it's inauthentic. It's super noisy.
Yeah. No, I, I think there's,
it's like any other area of you pick up on and you're like, mm, no.
I had two different yoga teachers that did the same thing. And with one of them,
it was amazing. When the other one,
it was so annoying whether the guy would like chant and class and he would sing
and I'd be like, let get me away from this. It was just a artist.
It was like a fake spiritual guy. But then another guy who did it,
his classes were all donation-based.
You didn't have to pay to come see ladies pull up in Mercedes and not pay a
bill. Like you'd tear it.
Oh, they just wouldn't pay.
One or the bad, the good one, the good ones. He did the exact same thing.
But you can tell there was no pretense. It was all.
No, I'm I'm with you though. I feel the same way.
I have spiritual friends and it was more of like a weed.
I laughed for like eight hours.
It was just like laugh therapy and just surround like wonderful
people. Just good, energetic. And I was so I was high for like two days,
but I found myself wanting to like go in and I kept going into his bathtub and
like, he had like this glass door. So when you shut it,
the sound was really warm. And that's what I wanted. And,
but I didn't really get to go there cause everyone's like, come back.
Let's all like, hang out. You know? And so, uh,
last week I went with my best girlfriend to celebrate her mother's
birthday and her mom passed away five years ago and we went out to Joshua tree.
It was beautiful. I mean, first and foremost,
that the thing that I admire most about the
process is like setting an intention when you want to heal from it, you know,
like you can party. Like I did the week before we were just like hanging out,
but I wanted to go somewhere else. And we did.
And you know, there was this moment too,
where we were sitting just the two of us were sitting around a fire and my
friend's been through some crazy, crazy in her life, like dark stuff.
And there's this like space of sacred pain where like she
told me things that no one she doesn't talk about and she's like,
it comes out and vice versa. And it was just this, like,
that's the place where we put it.
That's the place where we had love for each other and was like, I see you.
I respect all your you've been through.
And then we went to like the next phase of it, of the trip.
And at one point, you know,
we were laughing too going in and out of like laughing hysterically and having
like the best time and then having this like intense spiritual moments and, and,
and therapeutic as such. Like, that's why I love it.
But at one point I don't know how to describe it.
Like we, first of all, the stars like were,
there was like galactic geometry. Like,
you can just see all this crazy in the sky and it feels alive.
And at one point we went up, it was like this cabin.
And then you had to walk up the Hill for the bathroom in the kitchen.
So you're really in the middle of nowhere.
And at one point like the frequency changed and it went
and the only other time I'd experienced,
that was when I smoked DMT like a decade ago. And it scared me.
Cause I was like, there is, there is something, there was like,
there is an energy that just presented itself and,
and my friend and I experienced it at the same time,
which I don't think is a thing that happens for people often. I don't know,
like I've never had, like, we were visited by like,
it felt like another star system mean, it sounds like Hocus Pocus, but I.
I think it's hard to just poke. It was amazing.
That's why I wanted you to talk about it. I think, I think we're, uh,
we have a limited idea of what's possible in terms of like what
reality is. And when you do psychedelic drugs, you,
you experienced this thing that you can't experience naturally, right?
You have this,
these wild visualizations and you feel like you're being visited by
entities and things are communicating with you. And so people say, well,
it's hallucinations. Your mind is playing tricks on you and all these things.
It might be that for sure.
But also it might be possible that there's a frequency that you can tap into
with these things that's not available to you.
And that these things are always here. So like,
there's a lot of people that think when,
when we're talking about like the UFO phenomenon, there's a lot,
there's a lot of people that think these things aren't just visiting from other
star systems,
they're visiting from other dimensions and that they're there all the time and
they can come in and out and they can go. And we were like, Oh,
we're like trying to grab ghosts. Like, we're like,
I just need to bring it home and show everybody at proof that you're never
gonna, you're never gonna have proof. It's like, it's not,
it's not available in this plane,
but when you do mushrooms or when you do acid or when you do DMT,
you get these windows into like what's around you all the time.
Yeah. I think if you pay more attention to energy in that way too, it's like,
this is going to sound super weird, but I, I it's, it is the truth. Like my,
my friend, you know,
her mother was this like incredibly like spiritual mystic woman.
And she collected, uh, gemstones from all over the world and jewels.
And one day, uh, KP, my friend was like, she's like, sous,
I really want you to have some of my mother's jewelry.
And it was like a great honor. And I was like, well, yeah,
I would love that. And I'm wearing some of it right now. And, um,
I started having dreams about her mom and it felt very like visited
and it wasn't like, it was really beautiful. So like that stuff,
when you are taking psychedelics and you have an intention of
like settling things, you know, it, I believe in that,
like the fact that we both experienced this frequency change at the same time.
And I was like, are you, are you hearing that? And are you seeing that?
Because it was like, it was like the, the whole sky,
like it flipped, it was like a photo negative.
It was so crazy.
I'm missing out, man. I haven't, I haven't done LSD DMT.
I've done mushrooms and I don't know how you can like hang out and be with
people. I always kind of,
I started laughing a little bit and then I started to find myself disappear and
I'll be like hanging out with a tree or some.
That's awesome. That's great. That's the best part.
Yeah. I mean, that's the best part of mushrooms is nature, right? Yeah.
Yeah. But there's some you definitely get from that, you know,
feeling re-energized and, you know, kind of like a reset.
That's kinda what I get from that.
It's phenomenal for people with PTSD, people with PTSD,
a lot of soldiers experience these mushroom trips and just relaxes and relieves
them of a lot of the pressure that they have, you know.
It's um, but like per year point, like,
it is important to make sure you're in good hands with whoever you're doing it
with. Like, and it could be like one of your good buds, but like sometimes like,
you know, when some, some folks don't quite have a handle on their darkness,
you probably don't want to do acid for the first time with somebody like that,
you know? And that's no disrespect to people, you know, that have to deal with.
It's just like, because there's no, um, there's no seatbelt, you know,
like you're just going.
Yeah,
that was my first kind of first trip was hanging with a bunch of folks and we
hadn't done it before. All of a sudden the guy's house we were that he was like,
y'all need to get the out of my house right now. I'm in high school.
I was skipping high school. I'm like, I'm skipping high school.
So we spent the whole day with like tripping balls. Right.
And then all of a sudden he freaks out.
And so I got to go home and I'm skipping. So I just kind of standing out,
walking around my neighborhood, staring sign and with nowhere to go.
I finally go back to my house, tripping ball. My mom's there,
my little sister's there, my grandma's there. Nah,
I just went up to my room and just curled into a ball from them.
I remember one time tripping and it's only happened to me once,
but one time trip and where I felt like I could see
the patterns of existence that aren't available
with the naked eye.
Like I could see that there's like some weird like grid, everything.
Yes. The grid you've seen the grid. I've seen the grid. It's like the matrix.
It's so weird. You kind of like.
It's like what? You can almost step through it. Sometimes.
You can't in meditation. It's for real, I have seen the grid as well.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.